User Role: Business Owner

User Story 1: As a future business owner, I want to be able to see counties with the highest population so I can determine where I would have the most potential customers.
    Acceptance Criteria: I can see the top 10 most populous counties listed out (Will pass if the top 10 counties are listed out and listed correctly).
        Acceptance Test 1: Adding a county with the largest population given in the dataset. 
            Pass: The county will appear in the top ten most populous counties list. 
            Fail: The county does not appear.
        Acceptance Test 2: Adding a county with the smallest population given in the dataset.
            Pass: The county will not appear in the top ten most populous counties list. 
            Fail: The county does appear.

User Story 2: As a future business owner, I want to be able to see areas with the highest county GDP so I can determine where my business has the best chance of succeeding.
    Acceptance Criteria: I can see the top 10 counties with the highest county GDP listed out (Will pass if the top 10 counties are listed out and listed correctly).
        Acceptance Test 1: Adding a county with the highest GDP given in the dataset. 
            Pass: The county will appear in the top ten counties with the highest GDP list. 
            Fail: The county does not appear.
        Acceptance Test 2: Adding a county with the lowest GDP given in the dataset.
            Pass: The county will not appear in the top ten counties with the highest GDP list. 
            Fail: The county does appear.


User Story 3: As a future business owner, I want to be able to browse areas with the highest GDP per capita so I can determine which counties have consumers that spend the most.
    Acceptance Criteria: I have a chart with the top 10 counties with the highest county GDP per capita listed out along with their population and GDP separately (Will pass if the top 10 counties are listed out and listed correctly).
        Acceptance Test 1: Adding a county with a population of zero. 
            Pass: The county does not appear in this list.
            Fail: The county appears in the list.
        Acceptance Test 2: Adding a county with no data for one of the categories.
            Pass: The county does not appear in this list.
            Fail: The county appears in the list.